README.md, before:

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bitgo/bitgo-express/master/misc/img/logo.png" alt="BitGo Express" width="300">

BitGo Express makes it easy to build multi-signature Bitcoin applications in any language. BitGo Express provides a local REST API interface which handles all client-side operations involving your private keys. This ensures your keys never leave your network, and are not seen by BitGo. 

BitGo Express can also proxy the standard BitGo REST APIs, providing a unified interface to BitGo through a single REST API.

# Run

Basic

`./bin/bitgo-express --debug --port 3080 --env test --bind localhost`

Advanced

`./bin/bitgo-express [-h] [-v] [-p PORT] [-b BIND] [-e ENV] [-d] [-l LOGFILEPATH] [-k KEYPATH] [-c CRTPATH]`

*Make* **ALL** *BitGo REST API calls to the machine on which bitgo-express is running*

# Installation

`npm install`

# Documentation

https://www.bitgo.com/api/#bitgo-express-rest-api

# Quick Start

[Click here] (https://medium.com/@masonic_tweets/getting-started-with-bitgo-express-a097589c1e9c) to view our quick start guide.

Commit message:

Slack Channel Update
Include information about our slack channel in the case that developers have any issues getting started.

README.md, after:

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bitgo/bitgo-express/master/misc/img/logo.png" alt="BitGo Express" width="300">

(https://travis-ci.org/BitGo/BitGoJS) [![BitGo Slack](https://slack.bitgo.com/badge.svg)](https://slack.bitgo.com)

BitGo Express makes it easy to build multi-signature Bitcoin applications in any language. BitGo Express provides a local REST API interface which handles all client-side operations involving your private keys. This ensures your keys never leave your network, and are not seen by BitGo. 

BitGo Express can also proxy the standard BitGo REST APIs, providing a unified interface to BitGo through a single REST API.

# Run

Basic

`./bin/bitgo-express --debug --port 3080 --env test --bind localhost`

Advanced

`./bin/bitgo-express [-h] [-v] [-p PORT] [-b BIND] [-e ENV] [-d] [-l LOGFILEPATH] [-k KEYPATH] [-c CRTPATH]`

*Make* **ALL** *BitGo REST API calls to the machine on which bitgo-express is running*

# Installation

`npm install`

# Documentation & Help

https://www.bitgo.com/api/#bitgo-express-rest-api

Please join us on our [Slack channel](https://slack.bitgo.com) if you have any questions or comments.

# Quick Start

[Click here] (https://medium.com/@masonic_tweets/getting-started-with-bitgo-express-a097589c1e9c) to view our quick start guide.
